---
title: My First Blog
description: This blog is about the insecurities we have in our lives. Specially me.
pubDate: 2001-09-19T18:15:00.000Z
---

**Hello there👋,** and **thank you** for taking the time to visit my blog. Ever been stuck wondering what to name your very first blog post? I sure was, and you won't believe how much stress that caused me. In the end, I decided to go with something as simple as '**My First Blog**' Sounds kinda basic, right? But trust me, it's works.

Okay, so what's the deal with this blog, you might wonder? Well, to be honest, I'm not entirely sure either! 😂 It's a bit of a mishmash, just like my thoughts when I was trying to come up with a title.     I had all sorts of great ideas, like sharing my **college experiences or my journey into web development or some political issue.**., but I got caught up in a whirlwind of questions. Should it be formal or casual? Short and sweet or in-depth? The list went on and on, and none of them were the real problem. Then what was the real issue? **Insecurity**. That nagging feeling of not being good enough for something. **Even writing this blog feels scary**. It might not make much sense, but hey, **it's my first blog okay!😂** So, **let's start** somewhere, shall we? Here goes nothing!”

"And there it is, **my journey begins**. As I look back on my life, I realize that this insecurity, this nagging feeling of not being good enough, has been a constant companion from the very start. It's funny how it creeps into every aspect of my life. No matter how well-prepared I was for an exam, that feeling lingered. Whether it was playing table tennis, football, volleyball, cricket, and so on, that nagging doubt was always there\*\*. Even though I had moments of being good at some of these sports, whenever there was an official match or competition, that feeling of inadequacy crept in and messed with my confidence.\*\* It's funny how this feeling grew larger and larger, especially when I saw others achieving great things, and I couldn't help but feel small in comparison. But then, **I realized I wasn't alone in this**. I met people who could relate, watched movies where characters faced the same struggles, and even read books that echoed the very same sentiment.

This isn't a great place to be, and honestly, **it can be pretty scary**. But as I thought about it, I remembered moments when I didn't feel this way. I realized it happened when I wasn't weighed down by too much responsibility, **like in those games where I wasn't a crucial player**. It was in situations where my presence didn't make much of a difference, and I could just do my thing without the fear and insecurity. Lately, I've been trying not to overwhelm myself and, instead, concentrate on what I can realistically accomplish without the pressure of winning or succeeding at everything. **It's surprising, but it's working out quite nicely.** Taking a breather from certain people and making time for **self-reflection** has made a significant difference in how I feel.

I know most of you have probably tuned out by now👋, But if you're still here, **you might be hoping for some solutions, right?** Well, the truth is, I don't have any magic solutions😔. I'm not here to be your **therapist**; I'm just sharing my thoughts in my first blog. What works for me might not work for everyone. But, just to keep things formal, let's hear what Google has to say.

> If you're struggling with insecurity, I want you to know that you're not alone. And I want to encourage you to embrace the journey of self-discovery and personal growth. It's a journey that's worth taking. Remember, you are enough. You are capable of great things. So don't let insecurity hold you back. Embrace your journey, overcome your challenges, and find your voice.❤️
